Add better deprecation notice to all HTML wrapper methods (#20965)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/string/big/index.md

{{JSRef}} {{deprecated_header}}

The **`big()`** method creates a string that embeds a string in a {{HTMLElement("big")}} element (`<big>str</big>`), which causes a string to be displayed in a big font.

> > **Note:** All [HTML wrapper methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String#html_wrapper_methods) are deprecated and only standardized for compatibility purposes. Use [DOM APIs](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model) such as [`document.createElement()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/createElement) instead.
> 
> > **Warning:** The `<big>` element itself has been removed in [HTML5](/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5) and shouldn't be used anymore. Instead web developers should use [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) properties.

Reviewer: I think it would be better to combine these two boxes, otherwise it reads a bit incoherently, like I'm being given contradictory advice. For consistency we could keep the first para the same as all the others:

```suggestion
> **Note:** All [HTML wrapper methods](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String#html_wrapper_methods) are deprecated and only standardized for compatibility purposes. Use [DOM APIs](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model) such as [`document.createElement()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/createElement) instead.
>
> However, note that the `<big>` element itself has been removed in [HTML5](/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5) and shouldn't be used anymore. Web developers should use [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) properties instead.
```
